♪ On Christmas you find
Gifts beneath the tree ♪
♪ Easter, a basket comes
For you and me ♪
♪ But February 14th
Is different altogether ♪
♪ You give the ones
You care about
A fancy homemade letter ♪
♪ Ooh là là
It's not that hard ♪
♪ To show your friends
You love them with
Your fond regards ♪
♪ Put your heart in
A Valentine's Day card ♪
[giggles]
♪ Rhonda, I said
She runs just like a streak ♪
♪ Wanda, her soccer skills
Are fantastique ♪
♪ Gus, he always brings us
The mail without a flaw ♪
♪ Now please deliver
This one here to my grandpa ♪
♪ Ooh là là
It's not that hard ♪
♪ To show your friends
You love them
With your fond regards ♪
♪ Put your soul on a scroll
A sweet quote in a note ♪
♪ You can't outdo
A billet doux ♪
That's French for
a love letter. [chuckles]
♪ Put your heart in
A Valentine's Day card ♪
[kissing sound]